ARS new book it's the greatest
contribution barbecue since Jesus
invented meet it's called serious BBQ
smoked char based and brush away the
great outdoor cooking and this is Adam
Perry Lang is he dead co-owner of daisy
mays BBQ USA in New York City Adam mrs.
RD Laing we're here to devour your food
i smell a theme is Jessica Lange coming
yeah you know what we actually did try
and she said no all of you know but um
it is a vegan RT this guy Adam is
unbelievable and I know a lot of people
think they know how to barbecue but this
is like serious high-level barbecue this
is serious stuff that anybody can do but
I think it would be a fun thing Anna me
if you showed us some stuff that we can
actually use because normally on these
shows they do a recipe and everybody you
throw everything in the thing you don't
see what happens but give us some tips
on somebody that's in Shrek something we
have to oil your grill people take a
wreck towel with oil that's okay to do
because that's what I've this is the way
to hit this is the way to get flavor and
oil the grill to make it nonstick piece
of smoked bacon score the top you do it
yeah it's always thought I guess which
you know people used to getting sliced
bacon rub the ground where would you get
bacon like this um you can order it from
any let's say ethnic store or you can
talk to your butcher and mean lack when
you say that what's that no oh alright
okay that's red that's alright and you
rub that okay so that's one trick and
way then you can eat it after which is
great oh we will break me oh really we
better be in yeah well otherwise you're
getting punched in the face is seizing a
steak season really aggressively a lot
of salt and pepper because it rubs off
on the grill and when you put it down
put it right over the Flint don't be
scared about the flames just go with it
a lot of people will take a little
squirter and they'll put those flames
out like that the next thing is you know
good local hardware store look how
incredible this little sauce thing is ok
it's for painting ok it has a disposable
liner you put your barbecue sauce in has
a little magnet for your brush
look at that that's the gayest thing
yeah it is but it's work okay and I was
rated the brush your level of incredible
not necessarily as high as it should be
if that is incredible to you I mean that
is essentially a bucket and then here
the line oh well that I lines all season
filled with apple juice can you use the
same one that you use for the garden out
use this one only talking for this all
right clean brand-new that looks like
one of the flamethrowers the guys how to
deal with Jima yeah all right next
little next little tip I'm gonna tell
you is about developing flavoring we're
gonna use our pork ribs here as an
example and beef ribs over here so can't
you do a little bit of work to all right
very good so sweet pork ribs what I take
is a barbecue sauce is your favorite
I've recipe for it choose whatever you
want a little bit of chopped shallots a
little bit of parsley whatever you can
great I take a little microplane grater
when do we eat yeah their goods coming
though I like a very patient it's gonna
look for okay you're gonna make your
born over here okay all right yeah
that's what I want give me a burger yeah
my parents are here actually my hey he
did something that fell don't encourage
enough don't encourage it my parents
cook everything until it has the
consistency of plywood they they cooked
everything till I good their BBQ they
have so much going on here what do you
think Arnie I don't know I remember
losing me the swine flu yeah that's beef
this is the last time we saw RT he was
gnawing on an enormous bone and then
alright kazoo ken showed up exactly what
are you doing there out of you so you
mix all those he and put a little bit um
orange marmalade wherever you like rap
repel and then you just put your rigs in
there oh whoa could someone get me a
party my mother's right that's
good stuff on animal after you cut it
put it right into the dressing all right
then we give that so much parents dad
you try that can you see what you think
let's see that thing again yeah
mom you try this and you see what you
think what do you think you like that
look at the knife watch your I eat your
fruit thank you very much I feel like
Joe Pesci in Goodfellas yeah right oh I
got a bomb I need this hey it looks off
already don't have one of these really
that's good stuff this is the best night
of my life yeah you gotta try this over
here you can so Adams come again if
people want to know how to do all this
stuff obviously we're not gonna teach
them everything here but the bulk at all
I'm eating let me know this is what kind
of professional I am it's called serious
barbecue it is a great book if you're
serious about barbecuing if not don't
even bother buying it's not for children
yeah all right that's right Adam Perry
Lang everybody he's a nice barbecue USA
in New York City and Carnegie no in Las
Vegas her mother I remember by 2014 5
ish if you like fish